[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>We have two last areas to
cover that I can think of.
And the first one has
to do with healing.
And the last one has to do
with the actual transition
across to the other dimensional
levels and some aspects
that you need to
know about that.
There are some very
important things
you need to know about
that transition over
into the other
dimensional levels.
And we've got about
an hour-and-a-half.
So we're going to go for it.
That should do it.
OK, the first
subject of healing.
I mentioned already
what my feelings were
as far as technique goes,
that we use technique,
I think, more as a
vehicle of communication
between each other
to communicate,
but that the healing
has to do with love,
and that if you're
healing yourself
that it's a matter of
being centered and being
in love with yourself.
And if you are to
assist in someone else
healing themselves,
that it's love
that you're giving
to that person
that they're feeling
that's allowing
them to heal themselves.
And any technique that we use
is really secondary and of very
little importance
other than that.
It's the same thing I'm
saying about the workshop.
You can talk about
technique, which
is the Merkaba, which is perhaps
important for what we're doing.
But the Merkaba won't
work without the love.
And it's a similar kind
of thing with my healing.
These are my
concepts on healing.
OK?
I'm not saying this
is the end final word
on healing in the universe.
I'm just giving you
my ideas that I've
learned over a long time.
So with that in mind, I'll tell
you how it all started for me.
Way, way back, 20-something
years ago, my wife and I,
before the angels had
come in or anything else,
we were trying to
understand ourselves
and what the whole
thing was all about.
And we were using the technique
of hypnosis to do this with.
And we were learning
a lot of things.
I mean, my wife was
learning how to lift--
we were lifting
out of our bodies
and flying around the rooms
and having a good old time
and thinking, this is
the most incredible thing
we'd ever learned.
And I mean, we found out she
could go down to the library
and go in and read
books and come back,
and those kinds of things,
astral protection type stuff.
And we started
learning about some
of the other dimensional
levels by actually
going there and looking
around, this kind of thing.
One day, I left a pan, a cast
iron pan, sitting on the stove.
I didn't leave it there.
I purposely put it there.
I don't know if you've ever
cooked in cast iron pans.
Not too many people
do these days.
But I do.
And you are dry them off so they
don't rust by heating them up.
And the thing is, I did it.
And I forgot it was there.
And I went outside.
And it probably went through the
smoking one and everything else
like that, because it was like
an hour later I came back.
And I remember, I was over
at one end of the room.
And my wife came in and
went over and just picked up
this pan, which was orange, and
picked it up in her left hand,
and moved it about
that far before she
realized, that it
registered that the pan was
melting your hand.
[LAUGHTER]
She just, ah!
Dropped this thing.
And I went over to her.
And I looked at her hand.
And it was just rapidly
going through-- I mean,
she had really done something
pretty intense to her hand.
And I remember sitting there.
At first, I felt helpless.
And then, I remembered this
connection, this new opening
that we'd had with hypnosis.
And this was all taking place in
about 30 seconds or something.
I'm sitting there
going-- like that. .
And just something took over.
And I just knew.
And I put her into a
trance, which we had already
worked that stuff out.
So it was just like that.
We didn't have to
go through a lot.
And I just told her-- though
I don't know if I really
believed it at the
moment because I
don't think I really did.
But the words that came
out of my mouth to her
were, your hand
is healing itself.
And it's going to go right
back to normal right now.
And she had her eyes closed.
So she didn't even see this.
And I'm sitting
here looking at it.
And I watched her
hand, before my eyes,
go back to normal in about
maybe a minute or less,
just totally back to normal like
nothing had happened at all.
And I was changed
forever in that moment.
I suddenly got
something very deep
that the body is just
light and that there's
some kind of connection
between what you think
and what you feel.
And I experimented on that
with her a whole lot later.
And time and time
and time again,
I was verified that
it was really true,
that when the mind
believes something,
the reality followed right
behind, when the mind really
believed it.
And in hypnosis, you can get
into really believing things
at a very deep level.
And it was amazing.
It really worked.
There was another time when
my little daughter-- her name
was Ilya Eisha.
And she fell 14 feet
onto a concrete slab
and cracked her head open.
I can't tell you what that feels
like from the adult point, let
alone the baby point.
And I had a store
called Material Plane.
[LAUGHTER]
And when this happened, my wife
went running up to the store.
And I just kicked
everybody out of the store
and closed the door and
went into one of the rooms
and sat down and focused and
started doing the breathing.
By now, I knew how
to do the Merkaba.
And I got into it.
And I started breathing.
And I just visualized
the little baby there.
And I had talked on the
phone with the babysitter
who had seen it.
And it was a big crack.
And there was blood
and the whole thing.
And I just kept visualizing
that it was healing.
It was healing.
That was my technique
to myself at that time.
I just saw it going back to
normal in the same kind of way
that I saw that hand
go back to normal.
In the meantime, my wife
met the babysitter down
at the hospital.
I'll try it anyway.
And the baby was on a
table when she got there.
And the doctor was sitting there
and had been looking to it.
And there was blood all over.
And it was starting to swell.
And there was a
very definite crack.
And I believe the baby was
probably unconscious also.
And that the doctor
looked at it,
examined it, all this
other stuff like that,
and went in to have it x-rayed.
He wasn't going to do a
thing until it was x-rayed.
Went in there to
have an x-ray done.
They set the baby in there,
lined up all the things.
They turned on the machine.
And it didn't come on.
They did everything
they could to fix it.
The machine was just dead.
And they went to another.
They had to bring some kind of
technician in to work on it.
>> Every time you
move your hands, the--
[PLAYS STATIC IN RHYTHM]
[LAUGHTER]
I don't know if I can
talk without my hands.
[LAUGHTER]
There's Italian in this body.
It's funny.
So it's just placed
out in space out here.
So they tried to fix it.
They couldn't fix it.
They kept going through it.
They still couldn't fix it.
It took them over
an hour to fix it.
And they wouldn't
do anything with her
until they took an x-ray.
Just wouldn't do anything.
And finally, got the x-ray done.
Finally, the machine came on.
And then they took the x-ray.
Immediately, the doctor
comes and looks at it,
holds the x-ray up,
and there's no crack.
He looks at the x-ray.
This is my wife that's in there.
He went over to the
baby, looks at the baby.
There's no crack.
It's not there, none,
like it didn't happen.
And they didn't know how
to even talk about it.
I mean, she said he just
was kind of dumbfounded.
And so he told her anyway.
He said, well, I don't
know exactly what happened.
I thought that I saw this,
but I guess I didn't.
And he said, but anyway,
she has a concussion.
And this is a very
bad concussion.
And she will probably
have a problem
when she comes out of this.
She probably won't be able to
talk right or something else.
And he was trying to prepare
her in case there was
some kind of traumatic thing.
And he was telling
her all these things.
Something might be
wrong here after this
because this is pretty bad.
And by the next day, I think it
was, her head was swelled up,
like twice the size.
It was huge, huge,
huge, swollen up.
It was really sad.
And he then told
us that it would
be-- I think you said about a
month before the healing would
go down and before anything
would get fixed in all of this.
And meanwhile, day and
night, I just kept focusing
and just kept focusing on this.
And so did my wife.
And in three days,
all the healing
went down-- all of the
swelling went down to normal.
She looked absolutely normal.
And we managed to get
her out of the hospital.
The doctor, he just said
that was extraordinary.
He kept going, oh, it was really
amazing that she could do this.
But he just kept saying
it was very extraordinary
that that would happen so
quick and all that stuff.
But it went down.
And then he kept saying,
but she'll probably
have problems, and all these
kinds of things like that.
The angel said that
she was, at this point,
completely healed,
except emotionally,
that she was physically
and mentally healed,
but her emotional body was
still attached to the pain
and that we had to heal the
pain and that it was love.
And so we just loved her
like crazy for a long time,
like a lot more than
you normally would.
We really loved her
until finally, they
said that it was done, it was
over, that she was 100% healed.
And so this baby grew up to
be-- instead of being retarded,
if the bump did
anything, it seemed
to have gone the
other way around.
[LAUGHTER]
Because this happened when
she was 18 months old.
And when she was about maybe
four years old, or still really
little, we bought a piano.
My wife played the piano.
And so what if I come out here.
[STATIC]
[LAUGHTER]
I'm tied up here.
She remembers playing
the piano one day.
I bought this brand new piano.
And my wife sat down and
started playing the piano.
And Ilya was just watching her.
And I was sitting
there watching.
And Ilya said she wanted
to play the piano.
So we let Ilya go up there
and sit and play the piano.
And Ilya sat down.
And she goes, dunk, dunk, dink,
dunk, donk, dink, donk, donk.
Do, do, do.
In about 30 seconds,
this incredible music
is coming out of this piano.
And that's when I realized
this is no ordinary kid here.
And by the time she had
finished first grade, which
is what-- you're six years old?
>>Five?
>>No, it's six.
>>She started at five, I think.
I believe she was six when this
was completed, if I remember.
By the time she
was six years old,
she had read all the books
through the sixth grade
and passed the
courses, according
to Colorado State, all the
way through the sixth grade,
the whole thing,
the whole package.
So I don't think she's going to
have a problem with her speech
or anything like that.
And I had many, many things
like this occur in my life, one
after another, with
lots and lots of people.
And I knew that healing is a
matter of opening your heart
and allowing it to be.
Now, there's
another thing I need
to say about it, which is
very, very, very important.
You have the right
to heal yourself.
And we have the right
to heal our children.
But we don't have the
right to heal someone else.
We don't have any right.
It's illegal.
It's against the law.
You can't do it.
In order to heal someone else,
you have to get permission.
And for me, that means
I have to get permission
from the person, number one.
And then once they say
yes, then what I do
is I bring in their
higher self, which
is easy to do once
you know that process.
And I get permission from their
higher self to make sure that
this is for the greater good of
that person because you cannot
determine that the healing of
that person at this time is
in the greatest
good of that person.
Maybe two weeks from
now it might be.
But at this moment,
it might not be.
There's no way to determine
that from where we sit.
And so you gotta get permission
to shoot a beam of light
across the room to heal
someone or do something
of this kind of psychic nature.
It's a no-no.
You can't do this
even though it may
seem like it's a good thing
because you just don't know
what is needed for that person.
If I did get permission
to heal that person,
what I de-- and
maybe has nothing
to do with what you do-- I get
their prana flow moving first.
I know it will only
go for a couple days.
But you can initiate someone
else's flow moving just
by seeing their
field and breathing
and timing your
breathing to their fields
and getting their
pranic flow going.
In many cases, in
many things, that
will solve the problem, at
least, a lot of certain things,
unless they're real,
real deep things.
But I always do that first.
And then I did bring in
their higher self again.
And I say, OK, what do
you want me to do now?
And I just listen.
I don't think.
I don't go thinking
in terms of a doctor,
in terms of all the
things I know about what
is best for those
conditions or stuff,
though I may be put
in that position.
But I just simply ask what it
is that would help this person.
And I've discovered that
the higher selves of people
sometimes give very
unusual things, things
that you wouldn't
consider healing per se.
And many times, it is things
like herbs or crystals
or something of this
nature, some physical thing.
But a lot of times, it's
other kinds of things.
For example, which I'm
not going to have time
to talk about this one,
but I sometimes do.
And it's one where
it was a dream that
actually was the healing
process for this person.
I had this dream
about this person
and my giving the
dream to the person,
which was the healing thing.
It solved the problem
with the person.
And sometimes, it just
may be things associated
with color and things like
this, where you give them
a certain color to wear.
I don't know.
Could be anything.
Could be things that you may not
normally attribute to healing.
But if you just listen
real carefully, just
listen, just get out
of the way and listen,
their higher self knows
exactly what they need.
And just do it.
And you can see amazing
results sometimes
with very little things.
Maybe it's just
handing them a book.
Who knows?
Whatever it is, I
can't really tell.
But you gotta just follow
your heart on that.
There are techniques
I have learned.
If the higher self
says that they
need energy in one
way or another,
besides getting
their own flow going,
I may give them my own energy
and project through my hands
by putting my hands on
them and projecting--
what I do is I get my flow
going and bring my flow.
You have this inner sphere here.
And you have that outer one.
The inner one is where your
super concentrated energy,
the prana, is.
And so I may bring prana
out from there on down.
I've learned things like you
don't bring things through you.
I learned that one the hard way.
[LAUGHTER]
I got real good in
these prana flows.
I don't even let
them back up into me
anymore, to make sure that
it's only a one way flow.
[LAUGHTER]
I remember one time,
my wife had hay fever.
She had it about 20 years,
since she was a kid.
And when we were learning
in all this stuff-- it
was toward the beginning
stages-- she said,
hey, let's get rid
of this hay fever.
And I said, OK.
[LAUGHTER]
And I got a hold of it.
I felt where it was.
And I pulled it into my
hand and up through here
and out the top of my head.
That seemed like the
right thing to do.
[LAUGHTER]
It's not the right thing to do.
Because 15 minutes later, my
wife was completely healed.
And she's never had it since,
nothing, totally, not a drop,
nothing.
15 minutes later, I got it.
And then I'd never had hay
fever in my whole life.
And my eyes starting running.
My nose starting running.
My son's going, what is this?
[LAUGHTER]
And I just got it.
I mean, I got it bad.
And I had it so bad, I was
going through two and three
boxes of Kleenex a day.
And I didn't know
how to get rid of it.
I mean, this was
a new experience.
I pulled something
in that I didn't
know how to get out of now.
And so I remember, there was one
point it went for six months,
and I couldn't figure
out how to get rid of it.
And my life was ruined.
[LAUGHTER]
I couldn't even work.
I couldn't do anything other
than crying and other stuff
all the time.
And so I finally
went to the angels.
And I said, you've got
to help me on this one.
I can't figure it out.
And they said, OK.
And they gave me a herbal
cure, which really works.
And it's worked on
lots of other people.
I know how to knock out
hay fever now, or most
other allergies.
It's pretty easy, actually.
And--
>>So will you share?
>>All right.
All you do is you take three
days of your life aside.
And you kick everybody
out because nobody's
going to want to be near
you because this is a blood
purifier.
And all the heavy metals and
all the toxins and everything
come out of your body in every
conceivable way, from your skin
to your mouth to your eyes.
Everything is all
going to come out.
And it's going to come out fast.
So you'll get very weak.
I've learned since then that
this is a Navajo cure, which
they say will cure anything.
And I did watch a
woman afterwards,
who had also got the cure
from someone else, who
had cancer throughout her body.
They gave her less
than 30 days to live.
And she completely knocked
the cancer out of her body.
And that was about
seven years ago.
She's fine now.
And she had it in her blood.
And it was throughout
everything.
She was really going.
What it is is something
called chaparral.
[AUDIENCE GROANING]
And there's a technique where
you take six cups of water.
And you take a heaping
tablespoon of cut licorice
and put it into the water cold
and bring the water to a simmer
and simmer it for I'd say
about 20 minutes or so,
maybe even longer--
20, 25 minutes.
And then turn it off.
And then you take a half
a cup of chaparral leaf.
And the thing is about chaparral
is that chaparral is an oil.
And it's in there.
And it gets very, very weak
after about six months.
And almost all the
chaparral that you
buy from your health food
stores, most of those herbs
are about a year old.
And they're all
weak, just about.
And the best, very best,
best, best way you can do this
is to go pick it fresh.
It only grows in a couple
places in the world.
And one of them is in southern
New Mexico, southern Arizona.
>>Are you familiar
with Jason Winters tea?
>>No.
>>It's blood cleansing tea.
And the government recently
took it off the market
so they could take the chaparral
out of it because supposedly
one person got toxic reactions.
>>Oh, sure.
You could die from
taking chaparral.
It's not the chaparral.
It's the release of the toxins.
And so it is the absolute
most powerful toxin remover
in the planet just about.
So you gotta know what
you're doing with it.
I have to admit this.
But chaparral is a very,
very powerful thing.
So you can't buy
chaparral anymore?
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Well, the entire southern
half of the State of New Mexico
is covered with it, as
far as the eye could see.
[LAUGHTER]
So I want to see
them cut that down.
[LAUGHTER]
So anyway--
>>It's a half a cup?
>>You put half a
cup of chaparral.
You turn the fire off.
And you put a half a cup
of chaparral in there
and let it steep, just
like you would tea.
But you let it sit
for 45 minutes.
And then you start drinking
this tea, those six
cups over the entire day.
You just keep drinking
and drinking and drinking.
And you fast during
the whole time.
What happens is
you get very weak.
And all these toxins just
start pouring out of you.
If you are really
toxined out or you
have something really heavy--
this was just hay fever
I'm getting rid of.
If you've got something
really strong,
then you probably would
have to ask your higher
self about exactly if that
amount should be changed
or something.
I'm not really sure of that.
And then the next morning,
you make another one.
You can have all
the water you want.
You drink lots of water.
And you can also
take lots of baths
to open your pores up and keep
letting the stuff come out.
And also with sea
salt in the bath,
lots of sea salt, like in a
bath, maybe three cups at least
or more of sea salt. You
couldn't put too much
because it will get saturated.
And take maybe three,
four relatively warm baths
to really open up the pores
to pull all that stuff out.
And you'll just get weaker and
weaker and weaker and weaker
and weaker and weaker.
By the end of the third day,
you can hardly get out of bed.
But it'll just keep coming out.
And then when you
go back again, you
feel like somebody just lifted
a giant veil off of your head.
I didn't even realize
how many veils
had been-- because the
toxins act like veils.
They deaden your senses.
And it's very powerful.
That's what they told me to do.
I never even heard of
chaparral before that.
>>Was it fresh chaparral
you used or dry?
>>I went and got
fresh chaparral.
They told me to go
get fresh chaparral.
If you can't buy it,
that's the way it goes.
But chaparral is only
good-- from all the people
ever since that I've
studied a little bit,
it's only good for
about six months.
And what chaparral is
also called creosote.
It's the creosote
they put on bushes.
It's actually a form of poison,
so you have to be careful.
You wouldn't want to put
too much of that in there.
>>Do you just drink chaparral
the first day of the fast?
Do you drink it the
second and third day?
>>You just drink
it all day long.
>>Every day?
>>Every day for three days.
After that, I found this
other woman, who I talked to.
And she said, oh, that's
how I cured myself.
And I said, well,
what did you do?
And she drank large
amounts of it for a month.
>>So when you said
a half a cup--
>>Measure the leaf,
half a cup of leaf.
>>Press the leaf?
>>Just put in there pretty
loosely and measure.
OK.
Huh?
>>Do you put any
cayenne with this?
>>What?
>>Pepper, cayenne pepper.
>>Oh, cayenne.
No, not for this.
[STATIC]
[LAUGHTER]
If you're told to do
something like that.
This was one that was designed
for what I was trying to do.
And why the licorice was
in there, I'm not sure.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>Well, licorice will
cleanse half of your adrenal.
It won't affect the other part.
Yeah.
>>Is it OK to use drops?
Or is it good [INAUDIBLE]
>>You can't find cut licorice?
>>Oh, you can get that
in any health food store.
>>Any health food store.
>>It's licorice root.
>>It's chopped licorice root.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>It doesn't matter
really, as long
as it's approximately
a heaping tablespoon.
OK, let's get off of that.
That's too long.
Anyway, so after you've
listened to their higher self,
you'll find out.
And you can do the same
thing with yourself.
Whatever it is, if you'll
just go in and listen
to what it is that your
higher self will tell you,
it will give you the cure.
The one thing that
my higher aspect
told me a long time
ago was that if we only
knew the nature
of the reality, we
would realize that we are
never without, that we always
have within reach
everything we need, always,
either within for knowledge
or without, physically,
that you could be
sick and sitting
right next to a plant that
may be the very thing that you
need, if you just open
your eyes and listen.
And I remember right after I got
that lesson, my wife was going,
I don't know.
She was one of these ones that
were always challenging things
all the time.
I don't know.
She says, we need a
gas can right now.
And we don't have a gas can.
She's was going like
this, staring at me
like that, because we needed
this gas can for this car.
So as she was saying
this, we were walking down
to this beach.
We lived on this lake.
It was two miles around.
And there was nobody for--
well, the nearest neighbor
was two miles away.
And the next neighbor was
about four miles from there.
So we were all by ourselves out
in the middle of the forest.
And we were walking down to
this lake as we were talking.
She says, I need a gas can.
And there's no gas can.
She goes, some things
you don't have like that.
And we walked in.
And we sat down this
rock, I remember.
And we were just sitting
there for a moment.
And all of a sudden,
I looked over.
And over on this rock,
about 20 feet away from me,
was the most incredible gas
can I'd ever seen in my life.
[LAUGHTER]
I mean, this thing was-- I
couldn't believe this thing.
It was brass.
I mean, it was incredible.
It must have been a $100
gas can or something.
[LAUGHTER]
And I said, there's one.
It worked for about two days.
And that was it.
She was right back again.
[LAUGHTER]
I remember the angels
told us never to work,
that they would provide
all the money for us.
All we had to do was just to
continue following our heart
and doing what
we're supposed to do
and everything would
be taken care of.
And so I had some money
when I left there,
so that was really easy to do.
And we went and lived in
this place out in the woods.
We lived there
for several months
while I was living
on this money.
And then the money
started to run out.
And as it started
running out, my wife
started getting more and
more antsy all the time.
And it got to the
place where she
was starting to get downright
belligerent toward me.
And I said, but we said
we're not supposed to work.
I don't care.
We need money.
And we got down
to $12 to my name.
And the next day, we had to
make a car payment or something
or we'd lose the car.
I don't remember.
It was $180 I
needed the next day.
And she was just going nuts all
day long and all night long.
And we went to bed that night.
And she was just pissed
off at me and everything.
And I was going-- how
can I-- because I didn't
care what happened to me.
That was the problem
because I wanted
to follow this thing to the
end, wherever the end was,
or where it starts a
beginning or something.
I don't know, but I wanted
to keep going with it.
And so we went to bed
that night all pissed off.
And about midnight--
and you got to realize,
I am in the middle of nowhere.
So I went to bed.
And that night about midnight,
there's a knock on the door.
And I get up and
I walk in there.
And here's this old friend I
hadn't seen for a long time.
And he'd been trying to get
to me for about three days.
He didn't even
know where I lived.
So it was hard.
And he finally found
me about midnight.
And he came in.
And I wake up my wife.
And we go in the kitchen.
And we sit down.
And he says, remember
that money you gave me,
like three years ago
or something like that?
I go, uh, no.
[LAUGHTER]
And he goes, well, I
just wanted to tell you,
it saved my life and
all this kind of stuff.
And he takes about $3,000
and goes-- on the table,
and says, thank you.
[LAUGHTER]
And my wife is
sitting there going--
[LAUGHTER]
Then he stays the night.
And he leaves the next morning.
And $3,000 was a
fair amount for us
because we were living
on just a couple hundred
a month or something,
if it was that much.
So we live high on
the hog for a while.
[LAUGHTER]
And everything was fine.
Boy, she didn't say a
word for a long time.
And then we started
running out of money again.
And we started going through
the same thing all over again.
And we got down
to $16 this time.
And the same thing, the
whole night-- [MUTTERING]
can we get a job?
[LAUGHTER]
And we go to bed all
pissed off all over again.
[LAUGHTER]
I actually was
laughing afterwards
because it was almost
the same minute.
It was about midnight,
about the same time
came the knock on
the door again.
I open the door.
And this is somebody different.
This goes all the way back to
Berkeley, like a long time ago.
I didn't even see this person.
And he says, wow, I
finally found you.
I've been trying to find you.
You remember that
money that you gave me?
[LAUGHTER]
Yeah.
I guess.
I was very generous
a lot of times.
I used to give away
cars and everything else
because it always came back.
I discovered that part
of the-- in other words,
I heard about that karma.
And I tested it out.
And it really works.
I don't know if you
know this or not,
but when you give
things away, you better
get a big bucket because
it's going to come back
at you more than you give.
It's true.
It just really is true.
And so anyway, it
wasn't quite $3,000.
But it was about $1,800.
Big cash pile.
Thanks a lot.
Well, when that money
ran out, she left me.
[LAUGHTER]
Anyway.
So that's kind of how it is.
And I've just been
following all along.
I've always had problems
with almost anybody
that's tried to live with me.
It's hard because
I've just refused
to go play by the rules.
But they usually are.
And I've always been fine.
Everything's been just
fine, more than fine.
So anyway, I give
another example of this.
And then I think we have
to go the other one.
We do.
The last example is the name of
this person I put on that list.
I'm saying this one because
she wants to help other people.
And this was a pretty good one.
Actually, I'll say a
real quickie one before.
There's this lady
named Diana Gazes,
who used to have a TV show
in New York City called Gazes
into the Future on cable.
It went out to a
couple million people.
And we're good friends
for a long time.
And she quit for a while.
She's now in England setting
up the same thing over here.
But while she was in New
York, one of the last things
that she was filming
right before she quit
was this young boy who
was-- and this is all
on video-- this young
boy, when he was a kid,
he collected salamanders.
And he had jars and
jars of salamanders.
And I don't know if you
know what a salamander is.
But a salamander is weird
because if you pull a tail off
or you pull a leg
off or something,
it just grows another one.
They don't know how it does it.
But it does.
It just grows another one.
And so when he was
about 11 years old,
he lost his leg from
somewhere between his hip
and somewhere up from here.
He lost one of his
legs completely.
And what I attribute it
to is that the parents
forgot to tell him that that was
only for salamanders because he
grew another leg.
He grew another one.
And they videoed.
Once it started growing, they
actually started recording it.
And he grew this whole
leg all the way down,
all the way down there.
Right at the end of the video,
he's growing the toes on.
And it's supposed
to be impossible,
but yeah, it's done.
It's all what you believe.
It's your belief patterns
is what the thing is.
This is where the real,
real key comes into.
It's what you believe
can be possible,
what you believe is true.
And it's the limits that
you put on yourself.
>>Maybe the salamander taught
him and he believed in it
so much, that kind of magic.
>>Well, possibly,
but more than likely,
I think he saw the
salamander do it.
And when I said
that, people laughed.
But I don't think anybody--
he never was told.
He never got the programming
that that wasn't possible.
>>I spoke to Diana
because I was going
to work with somebody
with regeneration.
And she said he was retarded.
He was mildly retarded.
>>He was?
Oh, that's what did it.
He was mildly retarded.
So did she ever
give you the video?
>>No, she said the
kid's in France.
>>Oh.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>And they're documenting it.
And they're trying to study how
he's doing it and everything.
And he was in France.
>>Ah, thanks for that.
I was going to get in touch.
Do you know where she
is in England now?
>>I have her number.
>>I would like that if
you could give it to me.
Just a real quick on Diana.
I don't know if I said
this is the last workshop.
But I'll say it in
this one anyway.
We were doing that.
She's a psychic.
She teaches metal bending.
Take metal and you melt it and
all this stuff with your mind.
And she goes to executives
and teaches them
how to do this so that they
can see this and apply it
into their business somehow.
And so she was in Hawaii.
And I was in New Mexico.
And we were doing
experiments back and forth
psychically on healing.
And we set up this one
pattern of healing where we
were going to do for 10 days.
And I was going to do this
particular thing every night
for 10 days.
And then I was
supposed to call her.
And we were going to compare
notes of what happened.
And on the third
day, I decided not
to do it without telling her.
And when I went to call
her, she wasn't there.
I couldn't get her.
So I remember I went in.
And I said to the
angels, she's not there,
because I was doing this in
conjunction with the angels.
I said, she's not there.
What do I do?
And so they gave me
the phone number.
They said, call this number.
So I call this number,
this 808 number.
Didn't know what it was.
Call it up.
And Diana answers the phone.
And I said, oh, hi, Diana.
And she goes, Drunvalo?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How you doin?
And she goes, Drunvalo?
[LAUGHTER]
And I said, what's wrong?
She says, Drunvalo, I was just
walking by this phone booth.
[LAUGHTER]
She said it started
ringing and she just
felt pulled over to it.
[LAUGHTER]
She still kids me
about it all the time.
[LAUGHTER]
Anyway, this lady
Doris Davidson,
she was a woman in California.
And she was in her 50s.
And she had been
wheelchair for 12 years.
And she had polio,
I think it was.
And her legs were like
little toothpicks.
Couldn't even hardly
move or anything.
The doctors told her she would
never walk ever again, which
I believe is like execution.
I mean, you should never say
that because it takes away
all hope, all possibility.
This is why I think it's so
difficult to heal the AIDS
patients because they
all believe that there
is no cure and no possibility.
And so they all are going
around with this thing saying,
there's no hope.
There's no hope.
It really reinforces it.
It's hard to break
a pattern when
you've got that feeling going.
Anyway, she picked up
one of Katrina's books.
It was Crystal Enlightenment,
I think it was.
Yeah, the first one,
Crystal Enlightenment.
And it said something in there.
I don't know what it was
that it said in there.
But it triggered her.
And she started thinking that
maybe crystals would help her.
And she got a hold of Katrina
at the Crystal Academy in Taos.
And they started talking.
And in the course
of the conversation,
Katrina found out that
this woman was a walk-in
and decided that
it might be better
if I talked to her than
her for some reason.
I don't know why she
came to that conclusion.
So this woman calls
me up and says
that she wanted to know
if I could help her.
So I got permission.
Got permission for
her higher self.
I asked her higher self,
what do you want me to do?
And all it said was, talk
to her on the telephone.
Talk to her about her beliefs,
about her belief patterns.
Break her belief patterns.
That's all the higher
self said to do.
It didn't say to
send any medicines
or anything like this.
So I talked to her on the phone.
We talked for an hour
once a week or so.
And I just kept talking to her
kind of like about the things
that I'm talking about
now to try to convince her
that what you believe is
true, and just because you're
in a situation that
is supposedly helpless
doesn't mean a thing.
You can change it if you
truly believe that you can.
Remember what happened to the
woman who touched Jesus' robe.
She was healed.
What was it that she had?
You remember?
Does anybody remember?
>>A bleeding disorder.
What?
>>She'd been bleeding for years.
>>Yeah, for years.
>>And she was
healed immediately.
And he felt it.
And he turned around
and he said to her,
"You faith has healed thee."
>>She was [INAUDIBLE].
>>Right, well, you can be healed
as fast as you can accept.
That's what it really is.
You want to be healed slow,
then you can be healed slow.
If you want to be
healed instantly,
you can be healed instantly.
It's all your faith and
what your belief is.
And so we talked
for a long while.
I don't remember all the
exact dates and all this stuff
and everything.
But I talked to her
for a long time.
And finally, I got
her to the place
where she said, OK,
I'm going to do it.
And she had this
deep conviction.
I'm going to do it.
I am going to heal myself.
I don't care what they say.
I'm going to do it.
And so she went out and
got rid of her wheelchair
and got these special braces
made all the way up her legs
and hips and got one of these
four poster things like this
and started walking
around her house like this
with great difficulty and walked
all around her house that way
for a long time, still
talking on the phone.
And she had her son
that was helping her,
who was in his 20s, I think.
And she did that for
a couple months or so.
And then her legs got
a little stronger.
And this is the what I remember.
It may not be exactly right.
This is how I
remember what it was.
She then switched from
there to regular crutches
and learned how to walk
on regular crutches.
Did that for a while.
And then she got
different kinds of braces
that didn't go all
the way up to her hips
but went down further,
like here on down.
And she walked around on that
for another couple of months
or so.
And then she got
these other braces
that just went from the
bottom down to here.
Then she walked around for
another couple of months
doing that.
And then she got
rid of the crutches
and was able to walk around
with these special braces,
but very slowly,
with difficulty.
Her son saw that and he left.
He figured, she's
OK now, and took off
and went into the
Navy, I think it was,
one of the military things.
She was left alone now,
barely able to walk,
but walking around.
She did this for a
little while longer
till she got pretty good.
And she went down to
the motor vehicles
and got a driver's license.
And then she went back
and sold her house.
She went down and then
bought a brand new RV.
And she drove out to
New Mexico and walked
into one of my workshops.
>>Wow.
>>And we had stairs in this
thing, about four of them.
And she walked up
and down the stairs.
And nobody helped
her or anything.
And she got back
down all on her own.
She didn't want
anybody to help her.
And then she went to work
for Katrina as her secretary.
I then didn't see her for about
eight or nine more months.
She just disappeared.
I didn't see her.
One day, I'm walking down the
street of Taos, New Mexico,
and here comes this woman,
skipping down the street.
She walks up to me.
And I'm looking at her.
I say, Doris.
She says, look at me!
[LAUGHTER]
She says, I am 100%
healed, totally normal.
You would have never
guessed, totally normal legs,
everything.
She says, I'm 100% healed.
And she skipped around a
little bit, did a little jig,
and gave me a big hug.
And she's just been a
good friend ever since.
She moved back East.
And I don't see her anymore.
She sends me a
postcard all the time.
She says me a Christmas
card every year.
But totally healed,
100%, of something
that was supposedly impossible,
all from just one thing,
your belief patterns.
Nothing else.
So are there any
questions on this?
I could keep going
for a long time.
But we've only got 45 minutes.
Yeah.
>>Why do you not need
to ask permission
for healing your children?
Aren't they souls of
their own free will
that may have their own
ways of working things out
that could be violated?
>>Yeah, if you feel that
way, you should probably ask.
For me, my feeling is
that they're in my care.
While they're in
my care, then it's
for me to take care of them
and that I have that right.
But if you feel in
that way, then you
should ask permission first.
But I would only
feel that way toward
my own immediate children
that I'm taking care of.
I wouldn't feel that way
if they were even older.
But when they're just a
little baby like that,
I feel like it's-- I don't know.
I would ask the higher
self what to do.
But for me, I just felt
like I had that permission.
But I understand
what you're saying.
Yes.
Do we have that?
>>When you ask the
question, do you
do it verbally or nonverbally?
>>What question?
>>If you're in a healing session
with someone and you're asking
if--
>>You ask the person verbally.
You ask their higher
self nonverbally.
>>OK.
What if their comatose?
>>That's a different situation.
And if they are, a
technique has been
given to me for that situation.
I'll give it to you.
And this is what
they told me to do.
And I have had a few
experience in this one.
If someone is-- you go along the
road and their unconsciousness,
they've just been in
an accident and you
can't ask their permission,
then you assume you've got it.
And you ask their
higher self to come in.
And then you ask their higher
self, can I help this person.
If they get permission
from their higher self,
then proceed.
If you don't, then
just help them
to be comfortable and
take care of them,
but don't work on
any other level.
Even if it means letting
them die, it's OK.
It means it's what
they're supposed to do.
There is a technique, though,
that if you do get permission,
I know how you can
keep a person that
is unconscious
alive indefinitely
without any machines
or anything.
All you do is you see
their crystalline field.
You see, death is nothing
you but moving out of balance
toward either the North
or the South Pole.
If you move completely into
either one of the poles,
you die.
And unconscious means
that they're very
close to one of those poles.
They're way out of balance.
It's a balance issue.
And so if you see their
tetrahedronal field,
and you then begin the
breathing with my own field,
but I time it to theirs
so that my breathing is
timed to their field.
And you begin doing the
first six breaths, which
is the polarity balancing.
And you just go one, two,
three, four, five, six,
come back to one,
and repeat it again.
And you keep doing that to them.
You keep that in there, with
their permission, their higher
self permission.
Then what happens is
that person cannot die.
They can't.
You're keeping them from dying.
But the only thing is,
you have to keep doing
that until they go conscious.
And then once they go
conscious, then you
switch to coming down with a
tube and get their flow going.
And that's usually
all you have to do.
However, it may not be more
than just a few minutes or days.
It may be more than one day.
And when I was approaching
with that situation
once, at the end of the
day, I was still doing it.
And I had to get some sleep.
My higher self
just set a program
that I was going to continue
doing it, and go to sleep,
and then pick it
up to this morning.
And it works.
And I put someone through
three days that way.
We were in a French hospital.
And they thought they were dead,
so much they put in a body bag
and put them over in the corner.
And we managed to bring him
back and get him back out just
by doing that for three
days long, But it works.